README.md, before:

# Devkota Consultancy: Chemical Engineering Design Consultancy Comapny

This website was created for the 1st Milestone Project at the Code Institute's Diploma course in Software Development.

The aim of the website was to create a chemical engineering design consutlancy company, based in the UK, that focuses on the FEED (Front End Engineering Design) aspect of consultancy. In order to make the website seem and feel real, I've created a nice and wide intial landing page to welcome the user, with 3 additional sections to add depth into the website. Within the footer section, I've added the comapny's social media profiles so the user can keep up-to-date with the company. Adding a social aspect to the website also builds trust and bonding with the user.

To visit the website, [click here.](https://tomes2000.github.io/devkota_consultancy/)

# UX and UI

* ## User Experience
  * ## User Stories
    As a user: 
    1. I want to be able to easily navigate the website.
    2. I want to be able to find out if this company has conducted work in the past.
    3. I want to see what services are on offer.
    4. I want to know how I can be able to find out the cost of said services.
    5. I want a way in which I can contact the company in order to discuss the services in further detail.
    6. I want to be able to socially connect with the company and keep up-to-date with their news and stories.
   
   * ## Target user
   The target users for this kind of service are companies who require help with small to medium sized projects within the UK. They should require high quality solutions with competitve market rates, specialising in the FEED (Front End Engineering Design) aspect of chemical engineering.

Commit message:

update to Target user paragraph

README.md, after:

# Devkota Consultancy: Chemical Engineering Design Consultancy Comapny

This website was created for the 1st Milestone Project at the Code Institute's Diploma course in Software Development.

The aim of the website was to create a chemical engineering design consutlancy company, based in the UK, that focuses on the FEED (Front End Engineering Design) aspect of consultancy. In order to make the website seem and feel real, I've created a nice and wide intial landing page to welcome the user, with 3 additional sections to add depth into the website. Within the footer section, I've added the comapny's social media profiles so the user can keep up-to-date with the company. Adding a social aspect to the website also builds trust and bonding with the user.

To visit the website, [click here.](https://tomes2000.github.io/devkota_consultancy/)

# UX and UI

* ## User Experience
  * ## User Stories
    As a user: 
    1. I want to be able to easily navigate the website.
    2. I want to be able to find out if this company has conducted work in the past.
    3. I want to see what services are on offer.
    4. I want to know how I can be able to find out the cost of said services.
    5. I want a way in which I can contact the company in order to discuss the services in further detail.
    6. I want to be able to socially connect with the company and keep up-to-date with their news and stories.
   
   * ## Target user
   The target user for this kind of service is a company who requires help with small to medium sized projects within the UK. They should require high quality solutions, as we are a high quality business, with competitve market rates, specialising in the FEED (Front End Engineering Design) aspect of chemical engineering.
